14:32, 26/07/2016 : Setting up all programs & GitHub for development of assessment task.

14:53, 26/07/2016 : Received an email from recruitment team about issues i have had with opening the files.

20:38, 26/07/2016 : After having email communication with recruitment team, unable to open the current project on my system.

21:23, 26/07/2016 : Initial thoughts on the project. To view the entire collection via command window is already within the sustem, will
                    look to add a addBike & getBikeId function to achieve the two requirements. 
                    I will look to add a interface on top of the classes so they are not directly accessed by the user. 
                    Deleting entries to the collection could possibly be done by bikeId however, this can increase chance of user error,
                    if delete is added, i will look into a prompt asking the user if they are sure they want to delete the item.
                    
22:39, 27/07/2016: After failing to get software requested to work on my system i have decided to submit a very abstract approach to the
                   problem. I will be using BlueJ and Java to create a game world which will swap bikes into the world and will hopefully
                   be colliable so they can detect mouse input. Once mouse input has been detected the game world will have a text box
                   overlay appear with the description and price of the Bike.
                   
                   I will spawn the bikes into the game world using an Object-oreiented pattern known as Factory pattern. This is a efficient
                   way to create items. Also coding in this way makes the code useable. (To some degree)
                   
                   I may venture into creating the bikes as Singletons however, i will see what problems arise before committing to this. 
                   As my main issue to involve mouse input as i have only previously used keyboard input.
                   
		   In terms, of the game world i will create i must stress that i will be using a framework which was provided to me to complete
		   a university assignment. I will fully state any code which has not been written by myself in the comments of the code.

14:12, 29/07/2016: I have begun making an android application for submission as i believe i can hit more of the requirements using this method.
		   You will have to install Android Studio to view this application i will provide a link to their website. The best way to use
		   the application is through the inbuilt emulator inandroid studio once you have opened the application in the centre of the
		   toolbar at the top of android studio there is a play button icon click this to lanuch the emulator. Use a Nexus 5 for the device.
		   It does take some time to load depending on your computer specification.

		   While iwas coding the application i found many people do the same or similiar things to myself while coding this type of application,
		   As it is a good way to make login/register pages for mobile applications. i looked at https://github.com/tonikami/NEWLoginRegister for a bit of guidance when i got
		   struck.	
			
11:48, 31/07/2016: I have no run out of coding time.I will submit my application as it as which has the option to add a bike to a database and
		   also has the ability to search for a single bike using the bikeid and the bike name. If you add a bike to the database it should
		   list them in numerical order. 
		
		   Apologies for not being able to use the software you required.
